yt their internet people it's boullion
so today I guess we got to talk about
that impeachment nonsense some more and
that's what it is it is now nonsense I'm
not talking about the grounds there are
certainly grounds student beach the
president I'm not talking about the
process I'm talking about the theatrics
that are now being thrown out
it is utter nonsense and the big
question is is the Senate going to
convict the pundits are saying that it's
highly unlikely and that we don't have
precedent we do have precedent for
something that's ridiculous we really do
but I would agree it's probably unlikely
today I watched as Republican
representatives compared the impeachment
to Pearl Harbor and the crucifixion of
Christ now I didn't see that comment I
got to be honest I didn't see that
coming but what bothered me more than
the just ridiculous rhetoric was the
continued complaint that the President
had didn't have due process during the
houses proceedings it bothers me because
these are representative saying this
these are representatives saying this
not just random people on Twitter these
are representatives on the House floor
saying this as if they don't actually
understand how the process works the
impeachment in the house is the
indictment he there's nothing in the
Constitution requiring the house to even
notify them that it's happening nothing
the trial takes place in the Senate I
can understand a newly minted
representative not knowing this when
they arrive however once an impeachment
proceeding begins you kind of figured
it's something that you would brush up
on now the only options are either they
don't know the basics of their job
or they're intentionally misleading
their constituents they are playing on
the gullibility of their voters I have
to assume they're lying but I mean I
could be wrong about that but at the end
of the day we do have precedent in the
late 1800s in a town in Kansas called
Argonia women had just gotten a little
bit of political power they could have a
say in political issues now men didn't
like it they didn't want women to worry
their pretty little heads about such
things
so they orchestrated a prank and that
prank was to take the local temperance
movement the women's Christian
Temperance Union take their platform
their preferred candidates and nominate
them but switch out the candidate for
mayor and replace it with a woman
Suzanna Salter miss Salter didn't know
she was on the ballot until after the
polls opened did no campaigning but when
after the joke had been played some
people asked her if she would accept if
she was elected and she said yes and she
won in a landslide the moral of this
story is that right now both Democrats
and Republicans they're waiting for that
morning both are hoping that some new
evidence is going to come out Democrats
are hoping that more evidence of the
president's misdeeds will surface and
cement the drive for removal and force
the Republicans to remove the president
that's what they're hoping for the
Republicans are hoping for either the
American public to grow weary of trying
to get to the truth
or maybe some genuinely believe there is
some exonerating evidence out there I
mean if they don't know how their job
works they it's very likely they didn't
read any of this so there could be a few
that earnestly hope the president is
innocent they're waiting for that
morning they're waiting for those
townspeople to walk up and say hey would
you accept and that's really what it's
boiling down to the Senate has to figure
out what the American people will accept
before they cast their vote at least
that should be their goal we don't know
if it will be anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night